--- Git Cheat Sheet ---

git init
	Initializes a git repository.
	
git status
	Shows the status of the working area and the staging area (used to prepare files to commit to repository).
	
git add -u
	Adds all updated files to the staging area (doesn't include new/untracked files), only updates and deletions.
	
	add -A
	Adds ALL modified, deleted and new files to the staging area.
	
git commit -m "«message»"
	Commits all files in the staging area to the repository, using the specified message.
	
	commit -am "«message»"
	Adds all modified files to the staging area and commits them to the local repository, using the specified message.
	
	commit --amend -m "«message»"
	Amends the last commit specifying a new message. Put all changes in staging before commiting.
	
git log [-n] [--stat]
	Shows the latest n commits in descending order. If n is ommited then it shows the whole log. 
	Parameter stat enables extended view on log. (e.g: Check GitHub for changes verification)
	
git checkout "«filename»"
	Undo the changes in the working directory (uses the file from the HEAD - latest commit).
	
	checkout «branchname»
	Makes the branch named branchname the current branch (points the HEAD to it).
	
	checkout -b «branchname»
	Creates a branch named branchname and checks it out.
	
git reset --hard
	Undo all the changes in the working directory, using the files on the HEAD commit.
	
	reset --hard HEAD~1
	Sets the working directory equal to the HEAD~1 commit. Sets the HEAD to HEAD~1.
	
	reset --soft HEAD~1
	Sets the working directory equal to the HEAD~1 commit, staging all changes in HEAD~1. Sets the HEAD to HEAD~1.	
	
git branch
	Shows local branches.
	
	branch -r
	Shows remote branches.
	
	branch «branchname»
	Creates a new branch named branchname.
	
	branch -d «branchname»
	Deletes branch named branchname if it's already merged.
	
	branch -D «branchname»
	Deletes branch named branchname unconditionally.

git tag
	Tags the current branch.
	
git stash
	Saves changes in a stashing changes area and rolls back working directory to the previous state.
	
	stash list
	Lists all stashes in the stashing changes area.
	
	stash apply
	Brings the latest state in the stashing changes area to the working directory.	

	stash pop
	Same as before but removes the stash.
	
	stash drop
	Removes the latest stash from the stashing changes area.

---//---
	
git remote add origin «remote git repo address»
	Sets a remote repository named origin, using the specified address.

git push
	Pushes the local commits to the remote branch.	

git push --tags
	Pushes the local tags to the remote branch.	
	
git fetch
	Brings remote branches to local repository WITHOUT merging them.
	
git pull
	Perform a git fetch and a git merge.
	
git merge «branchname»
	Merges branchname into the current branch.
	
git cherry-pick «commit»
	Applies the commit to the current branch.
	
git clone «git repo url»
	Clones a remote git repository to the local machine.
	
---//---	
	
--- Usefull plumbing commands ---

git cat-file -p «SHA1»
	Inspects the object specified by SHA1
	
git show-ref «branchname»
	Shows the commits pointed by all references of branchname, either local or remote.
	